one thing I do really well as a leader is I listen, and I'm not quick
to excitement. I remember there was one time that my commanding officer,
my officer in charge, was really chewing me out, you know? And
there was another person, um, in other room who is listening on. And
I guess I I think I let everybody leave, you know, um, and we still
needed toe, have some things done. And I let him, you know, like, have
his have his words with me, Um, and toward the end, because I just
sat there, you know, with my hands behind my back. Yes, sir. No,
sir. And very, very careful with my words. Um, so I see kind of realized
like, yeah, maybe he's kind of pushing me, and I'm here to help
him rather than hurt him. So the end of our conversation was Yes. I'll
get right on that, sir. And then I finished it. And that person,
he was a first class at the time, you know, he tapped me on the shoulder
and said, Boy, you know, I've never seen something like that.
And the way that you handled yourself was so impressive. I don't know.
I could have done that. You know, I think most people that were in
that position would have been very defensive and started, you know,
going back and forth. Maybe he had an argument, would have had an
argument. But that's not what I do. That's not how I roll. So I think
once the commanding officer, you know, once he got his frustration
with the unit out of the way, he said, You know what? This person can
actually help me, um, put him on my team rather than attack him,
and we actually got the work done. So that first class actually became
a chief. And I'm hoping that, um, that that model that I gave him
will direct him and with his future, his future interactions with his
leadership as well.